♻️✨ refactoring of pricing plans (🗃️) (#4812)
ITISFoundation/osparc-simcore: services/resource-usage-tracker/README.md

# resource usage tracker

Service that collects and stores computational resources usage used in osparc-simcore. Also takes care of computation of used osparc credits.

## Credit computation (Collections)
- **PricingPlan**:
  Describe the overall billing plan/package. The pricing plan can be connected to one or more services. A specific pricing plan might be defined also for billing storage costs.
- **PricingUnit**:

>   Specifies the various units within a pricing plan that denote different levels or segments. For example, a specific pricing plan might offer three tiers based on resources: SMALL, MEDIUM, and LARGE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies the various tiers within a pricing plan, that denote different options (resources and cost) for running the service. For example: a specific pricing plan might offer three tiers based on resources: SMALL, MEDIUM, and LARGE.
```
